# Center of Excellence Starter Kit - Previous Versions

### Updates
Date | Notes
---|---
2019.06.09 | Initial release
2019.06.17 | Updated documentation
2019.06.20 | Fixed issues with connecting to CDS in Power BI dashboard
2019.06.24 | Fixed issue with Flow reading null field value, updated PBI dashboard, removed Audit Log Sync template from solution (provided as package in download)
2019.07.17 | Fixed issues with validation errors in Flow sync template (including modifications to PowerApps App / iconuri field and Flow / displayname field was not long enough). Addded DLP Editor direct download.
2019.08.26 | Added Solution that does not contain canvas (no canvas apps), provided all canvas app import packages individually. Also added a new canvas app to replace PowerApps app owners.
2019.09.30 | Major updates to Sync template: <br> - Split Sync Template Flow into 5 Flows, making it easier to read and modify: <br> 1. Admin &#124; Sync Template v2 - runs on a schedule and updates environments <br> 2. Admin &#124; Sync Template v2 (Apps) - runs when an environment is created/modified and gets App information, also updates record if Apps are deleted <br> 3. Admin &#124; Sync Template v2 (Flows) - runs when an environment is created/modified and gets Flow information, also updates record if Flows are deleted <br> 4. Admin &#124; Sync Template v2 (Connectors) - runs when an environment is created/modified and gets Connector information <br> 5. Admin &#124; Sync Template v2 (Custom Connector) - runs when an environment is created/modified and gets Custom Connector information <br> - Sync template errors: All Flows implement a Try/Catch/Error logic, and if they fail will send an email to the owner with a link to the workflow run instance. For that, when configuring the Flow owners will need to specify a Flow environment URL. We could look at making this a setting in the CoE kit when they're setting it up so they only have to specify it once. <br> Added 'deleted date' to the entity schema <br> - Power BI: Fixed issues with displaying Flow cities <br> - Model driven app (Power Platform Admin View): Removed 'New' button from all grids to prevent creation of data that's not synced with the Power Platform server
2019.10.10 | 1. **NEW** Training In A Day Management and Registration Canvas Apps - Use these to create and manage registration and logistics of trainings, hackathons and other learning events. <br>2. **NEW** DLP Customizer - Add Custom connectors or HTTP connectors to a DLP policy with this canvas app.<br> 3. Updates Sync Template V2 (optimized CDS requests, accomodate writing to new field in Maker table ('office location')
2019.11.14 | 1. **NEW** Template Catalog Canvas app - Connect to a data source that allows users to download templates to get started with app development. <br> 2. **New** Archive and Clean Up Apps Flow - Crawls the tenant to check which apps have not been modififed over specified period of time, and sends an approval to owner asking to archive the .msapp file and delete the actual app. This is intended to clean up old test apps or apps that are no longer used. <br>3. **New** Find and disable flows that leverage certain connectors - Specified connectors will be blocked in Flow with this reactive Flow. <br> 4. **NEW** Notify app creators of an un-authorized connector and give access to the administrators - This flow flags the applications that use specified connectors and automatically gives admins access
